Move flag to configmap (#1540)
zalando/postgres-operator: docs/reference/operator_parameters.md

  [admin docs](../administrator.md#pod-disruption-budget) for more information.
  Default is true.

* **enable_cross_namespace_secrets**

>   To create secrets in a different namespace other than the cluster namespace,
>   enable this option. Once, enabled user names of the intented users are to be
>   provided with the namespace in the form `{appnamespace}`.`{username}`. This
>   makes everything before the first `.` namespace where the secret for that
>   user has to be created and everything after that as the username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To allow secrets in a different namespace other than the Postgres cluster
  namespace. Once enabled, specify the namespace in the user name
  under the `users` section in the form `{namespace}.{username}`. The
  operator will then create the user secret in that namespace. The part
  after the `.` is considered the user name. The default is `false`.
```

* **secret_name_template**
  a template for the name of the database user secrets generated by the
  operator. `{namespace}` is replaced with name of the namespace if

>   enable_cross_namespace_secret is set, otherwise the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `enable_cross_namespace_secret` is set, otherwise the
```
